# D7.Verification and validation
## 1.Description
Our website which is called Netshell is a video community that allows young people to watch and share videos, pushing videos based on personal choices and video quality.This helps users to find the videos which contain right values and suit their tastes. It's a open community designed for young people, everyone can create an account.Users can upload videos and download videos,they can make comments and share their own ideas about the video; For the low quality videos, they can report them and the administrator can remove them from sites. 

So far we have implemented most of the functions, such as user login, uploading and downloading videos, but the comments and thumbs up have not been completed yet. 
## 2.Verification (tests)
### 2.1 Unit test
### 2.2 Integration test
### 2.3 Acceptance
## 3.Validation (user evaluation)
#### Script:
*Tasks to give:*
- Answer any question about the web's performance and design.
- Test all buttons, functions & check if they work how they are supposed.
- Check if there are any typos or grammatical errors in our website.
- Test if you can send any feedback to the database.
- Give any direct feedback to us developers if any (ideas, designs, words, etc)

*Data to be collected:*
- Answers to the questions asked about our website.
- Direct feedback from the user.
- Evaluate results from the tests.

*Questions to be asked:*
- How do you feel about the interface of our website?
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how likely would you visit our website in its current state?
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how are the videos presented on our page?
- Is there any thing you can see right now that we can improve on? If so, what?


#### Result:

##### UserOne - Zhiqiang
- How do you feel about the interface of our website?

  *"The Main page and login page looks and works fine, there still much white space in the corner of page."*
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how likely would you visit our website in its current state?

  *"5. There are still many functions on the paper, the viewing feeling is not bad, I may visit in the future."*
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how are the videos presented on our page?

  *"7. There's not a bunch of videos on the page which I like it, but the quality of videos needs to improve."*
- Is there any thing you can see right now that we can improve on? If so, what?

  *"More videos and more users are needed."*
##### UserTwo - Weiguo
- How do you feel about the interface of our website?

  *"There's still a long way for you to catch up the latest video website, but the current interface looks well."*
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how likely would you visit our website in its current state?

  *"3. The amount of the vidoes is your weakness, you need more videos to attract more users. I may visit your page when it's greater."*
- On a scale of 1 ~ 10 being 10 the greatest, how are the videos presented on our page?

  *"8. The quality of videos presented on your page is great."*
- Is there any thing you can see right now that we can improve on? If so, what?
  
  *"More videos need to be added, and the user community need to be created."*

## Reflections:


